# AWS---AI-Practitioner-
My idea and project named EduHelper was created from my personal work experience. As I have been an educator myself for over 15 years, I am always trying to find ways that can improve the efficiency of the learning process while helping educators gain confidence in their teaching styles as well. As I am using ChatGPT to organize and implement my project, I realized that I needed to first gain enough knowledge about AI. Hence I am using ChatGPT to learn about AWS AI Practitioner. As my project will be using an AI similar to ChatGPT (LLM) so I also wanted to check ChatGPT7's performance in teaching a person.  
I have chosen to study for the exam in 3 sections. First, I used ChatGPT to create lesson plan for the practitioner exam but with relevance to the project. ChatGPT created 14 lessons with topics I needed to know about and questions I am expected to know the answer of regarding the project. I kept a collection of the responses as they were the reading materials for me. Second section is again using ChatGPT, but this time I am using the direct exam source and material from AWS. I uploaded the PDF in ChatGPT and asked it to make a study plan for me based on time and concepts and real life examples. My project RuBi-AI will not be used here at all to ensure the lesson plans created by ChatGPT strictly follow the PDF and ensure that the lessons cover everything related to the exam itself. For the third section, I am manually going through the PDF and using ChatGPT for direct research by using content domains as prompts.
